c31 translation (#212)
IllusionMods/KKS-Translation: Translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c31/penetration/masturbation_answer/translation.txt

// Dumped for Koikatsu Sunshine v1.0.1 (KoikatsuSunshine) by KKS_TextDump v1.4.5.0
//
「……それはつまり、黙っている代わりにエッチをさせろ、ということか？　私にそんな脅しは効かんぞ」=“...So basically, in return for your silence, you want to have sex with me, am I getting this right? That sort of threat isn't going to work on me, you know?”

> 「まったく、私が何故こんな事をしていたか考えてみろ。　……わかったならさっさと来い」=“Jeez, try thinking about just why I was doing this sort of thing in the first place.I$3 $4f you get it, then don't dally and come.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「まったく、私が何故こんな事をしていたか考えてみろ。　……わかったならさっさと来い」=“Jeez, try thinking about just why I was doing this sort of thing in the first place. If you get it, then don't dally and come.”
```
